README.md, before:

# singularity_scrna_app
A test environment for scrna_seq_apps



## How to build using Singularity: build process command:
### takes 30-60 minutes
sudo singularity build ../scrnaseq_app.simg singularity_app_recipe.txt

###faster updates, config, but sandbox chroot file system only  ?
sudo singularity build --update --sandbox ../scrnaseq_app.simg singularity_app_recipe.txt

## Run app - exits without msg
singularity run ../scrnaseq_app.simg 

#check download ok
singularity exec ../scrnaseq_app.simg ls  /data/scrnaseq/

singularity shell ../scrnaseq_app.simg 


# Actual app to run:
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariusrueve/scrnaseq/marius_changes/scrnaseq_app.R

# Deshalb benutze ich shiny welches im script über
#shinyApp(ui = ui, server = server) 
#und in der console über 
#runApp('scrnaseq_app.R')


# Test app in container. Currently missing pbmc_2020-06-08.rds', probable reason 'No such file or directory'
singularity exec ../scrnaseq_app.simg     R -e "options('shiny.port'=3838,shiny.host='0.0.0.0'); shiny::runApp('/data/scrnaseq/scrnaseq_app.R')"



Tested:

singularity version
3.5.3

Ubuntu 1604

### Helpful links - singularity setup and SLURM

https://njstem.wordpress.com/2018/08/02/r-script-seurat-with-a-singularity-container-using-slurm/

Commit message:

Update formatting, improve script formatting, better descriptions

README.md, after:

# singularity_scrna_app
A test environment for scrna_seq_apps



## How to build using Singularity: build process command:
### takes ~10 minutes (uses up to 24 cores on a multicore machine!)
sudo singularity build ../scrnaseq_app.simg singularity_app_recipe.txt


## Run app - exits without msg
singularity run ../scrnaseq_app.simg 

singularity exec ../scrnaseq_app.simg ls  /data/scrnaseq/

singularity shell ../scrnaseq_app.simg 


### Actual app to run:
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariusrueve/scrnaseq/marius_changes/scrnaseq_app.R


### Test app in container. Currently missing pbmc_2020-06-08.rds', probable reason 'No such file or directory'
singularity exec ../scrnaseq_app.simg     R -e "options('shiny.port'=3838,shiny.host='0.0.0.0'); shiny::runApp('/data/scrnaseq/scrnaseq_app.R')"



Tested/built on:

singularity version
3.5.3

Ubuntu 1604

### Helpful links - singularity setup and SLURM

https://njstem.wordpress.com/2018/08/02/r-script-seurat-with-a-singularity-container-using-slurm/


### Dependencies : downloaded in script
git clone (marius dev repo)
wget https://owncloud.gwdg.de/index.php/s/rRawkhIOVe1T5qi/download
